The Joe Rogan experience.
It's weird, man. It's like a wonder what's going on.
I wonder if like there's a thing that happens to a virus when it goes through a
number of hosts that it sort of dies off, that it becomes weaker, you know,
and that's part of herd immunity.
Part of herd immunity is a bunch of people develop antibodies for it.
And also like, like the Spanish flu, like the Spanish flu kind of just died off.
Like they,
and there's a thing about Fowchee the other day said the virus plateaued.
The problem is like, you don't know what these,
how much of what they tell you is political.
Like how much did they not tell us while Trump was in office?
And how much are they telling us now? You know,
like in terms of what's safe and what's not safe, opening businesses,
what you can do for your health. Like, it's weird. It's a,
it's such a weird time.
I guess the UK has a new version. That's more deadly, not more contagious,
but more deadly.
Another new one that just came out yesterday or today it's like mixtape. I know.
Oh God.
Yeah. And China's wide open. Yeah, yeah. Or that where the,
the, uh, where it started. I saw this whole thing where they're just like,
nightclubs are all open. Everyone's like going crazy.
I don't know about that. If that's real, that might be propaganda.
You might get there. And the everybody's welded inside their homes, you know?
Yeah. Like who knows. But I do know New Zealand, which has zero cases at all.
Like Dan just fought on fight island and he can't go home.
He's from New Zealand.
He can't go home until he's quarantined until February 21st.
So if that means maybe he, if he goes home,
he has to just sit tight and can't go anywhere and can't leave the house till
February 21st where he goes outside.
But they have like very strict quarantine laws.
When you get outside the country. I think they have that in America, too. Right?
What is this? Oh yeah, this is [inaudible]. But it's not real.
These pictures are from the twenties.
A couple days ago. They do kind of have masks. Some of them do the one way.
I was like, she's she pulled out her mask to smell that dude, look at her.
Just smell you. Wow. February 20, 20.
No, it's March, I guess.
And here we are in 2021 and they're buck wild.
So what has happened? They've gone through, it's gone through the city. Do they?
They haven't been vaccinated. Right? Do they have a vaccine?
I wonder, I wonder if or if everyone just got it, I'll look,
I'll look through and see if they have a conclusion.
Finally, people are accepting the idea that this might've come from a lab.
It's hilarious. I, I brought it up once with Bret Weinstein and some
ridiculous liberal smear website was saying that I'm
promoting a dangerous conspiracy, that it emanated from a lab.
Like the lab is right there. It's not a conspiracy theory. The labs right there.
Like, it's not like there's,
we're making up the fact that there's a level four lab right there.
It's right there. There's two labs there, by the way, like,
what are you talking about? Is that a dangerous conspiracy?
Because thought it was because Trump, because Trump,
Trump was such a problem for so many people that any theory that you had,
if Trump was like, anti-China,
you can say anything that possibly would connect China to making a mistake
that causes virus to be released. You,
you would be a part you'd be alt-right catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan
experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.